
  - workaround:
   * structure detection:
     * none
  
  - xp rewards on advancements:
    1. Return to Sender - 50 XP
    2. Subspace Bubble - 100 XP
    3. Uneasy Alliance - 100 XP 
    4. Cover Me in Debris - 100 XP
    5. Hot Tourist Destinations - 500 XP
    6. A Furious Cocktail - 100 XP
    7. How Did We Get Here? - 1000 XP
    8. Great View From Up Here - 50 XP
    9. Hero of the Village - 100 XP
    10. Monsters Hunted - 100 XP
    11. Two Birds, One Arrow - 65 XP
    12. Arbalistic - 85 XP
    13. Adventuring Time - 500 XP
    14. Sniper Duel - 50 XP
    15. Bullseye - 50 XP
    16. Two by Two - 100 XP
    17. Complete Catalouge - 50 XP
    18. A Balanced Diet - 100 XP
    19. Serious Dedication - 100 XP


Variant No. Advancement Name - In-game Description - Unlocking Requirements

[ Minecraft ]
1. Minecraft - The heart and story of the game - Have a Crafting Table in your inventory.
2. Stone Age - Mine stone with your new pickaxe - Have a Cobblestone or Blackstone in your inventory.
3. Getting an Upgrade - Construct a better pickaxe - Have a Stone Pickaxe in your inventory.
4. Acquire Hardware - Smelt an iron ingot - Have an Iron Ingot in your inventory.
5. Suit Up - Protect yourself with a piece of iron armor - Have any type of iron armor in your inventory..
6. Hot Stuff - Fill a bucket with lava- Have a Lava Bucket in your inventory.
7. Isn't it Iron Pick - Upgrade your pickaxe - Have an Iron Pickaxe in your inventory.
8. Not Today, Thank you - Deflect a projectile with a shield - Deflect any projectile with a shield.
9. Ice Bucket Challenge - Obtain a block of obsidian - Have a block of obsidian in your inventory.
10. Diamonds! - Acquire diamonds - Have a diamond in your inventory.
11. We Need to Go Deeper - Build, light and enter a Nether portal - Enter the Nether dimension.
12. Cover Me With Diamonds - Diamond armor saves lives - Have any type of diamond armor in your inventory.
13. Enchanter - Enchant an item at the Enchanting Table - 
14. Zombie Doctor - Weaken and then cure a Zombie Villager - Throw a splash potion of Weakness at a zombie villager, feed it a golden apple, and wait for it to be cured.
15. Eye Spy - Follow an Eye of Ender - Enter a stronghold.
16. The End? - Enter the End Portal - Enter the End dimension.

[ Nether ]
17. Nether - Bring summer clothes - Enter the Nether dimension.
18. Return to Sender - Destroy a Ghast with fireball - Kill a Ghast using a ghast fireball.
19. Those Were the Days - Enter a bastion remnant - 
20. Hidden in the Depths - Obtain Ancient Debris - Have Ancient Debris in your inventory.
21. Subspace Bubble - Use the Nether to travel 7km in the Overworld - Use the Nether to travel between 2 points in the Overworld with a minimum horizontal distance of 7000 blocks between each other, 875 blocks in the Nether.
22. A Terrible Fortress - Break your way into a Nether Fortress - Enter a Nether fortress.
23. Who is Cutting Onions? - Obtain Crying Obsidian - Have a crying obsidian in your inventory.
24. Oh Shiny! - Distract Piglins with Gold - Barter with a Piglin using gold ingots.
25. This Boat has Legs - Ride a Strider with a Warped Fungus on a Stick - Boost a Strider with a Warped Fungus on a Stick.
26. Uneasy Alliance - Rescue a Ghast from the Nether, bring it safely home to the Overworld... and then kill it - Kill a Ghast while in the Overworld.
27. War Pigs - Loot a chest in a Bastion Remnant - Open a chest in a Bastion Remnant.
28. Country Lode, Take me Home - Use Compass on a Lodestone - Have a Lodestone Compass in your Inventory.
29. Cover Me in Debris - Get a full suit of Netherite armor - Wear a full set of Netherite Armor.
30. Spooky Scary Skeleton - Obtain a Wither Skeleton's head - Have a Wither Skeleton's skull in your inventory.
31. Into Fire - Relieve a Blaze of its rod - Have a blaze rod in your inventory.
32. Not Quite "Nine" Lives - Charge a Respawn Anchor to the maximum - 
33. Hot Tourist Destinations - Explore all Nether Biomes - Visit all of these 5 biomes. The advancement is only for Nether biomes. Other biomes, if any, may also be visited, but are ignored for this advancement.
34. Withering Heights - Summon the Wither -
35. Local Brewery - Brew a potion - Pick up an item from a brewing stand potion slot. This does not need to be a potion. Water bottles or even glass bottles can also trigger this advancement.
36. Bring Home the Beacon - Construct and place a beacon -
37. A Furious Cocktail - Have every potion effect applied at the same time -
38. Beaconator - Bring a Beacon to full power - 
39. How Did We Get Here? - Have every effect applied at the same time -

[ The End ]
40. The End - Or the Beginning? - Enter the End dimension.
41. Free the End - Good luck - Kill the Ender Dragon.
42. The Next Generation - Hold the Dragon Egg - Have a Dragon Egg in your inventory.
43. Remote Getaway - Escape the Island - Throw an ender pearl through or walk into an end gateway.
44. The End... Again... - Respawn the Ender Dragon - Summon an Ender Dragon using Ender Crystals.
45. You Need a Mint - Collect dragon's breath in a glass bottle - Have a dragon's breath in your inventory.
46. The City at the End of the Game - Go on in, what could happen? - Enter an End City.
47. Sky's the Limit - Find Elytra - Have Elytra in your inventory.
48. Great View From Up Here - Levitate 50 blocks up from attacks of Shulker - Move a distance of 50 blocks with the Levitation effect applied.

[ Adventure ]
49. Adventure - Adventure, exploration, and combat - Kill any entity, or be killed by any entity
50. Voluntary Exile - Kill a raid captain. Maybe consider staying away from villages for the time being... - 
-81. Is It A Bird? - Look at a parrot through a spyglass - 
51. Monster Hunter - Kill any hostile monster - Kill an entity with a 'monster' family
52. What a Deal! - Successfully trade with a Villager - Take an item from a villager or wandering trader's trading output slot, and put it in your inventory.
53. Sticky Situation - Jump into a Honey Block to break your fall - Collide on a horizontal side of a honey block when in air.
54. Ol' Betsy - Shoot a Crossbow -
-82. Surge Protector - Protect a villager from an undesired shock without starting a fire - 
-83. Light as a Rabbit - Walk on powder snow... without sinking in it - 
55. Sweet Dreams - Sleep in a bed to change your respawn point - Lie down in a bed. The advancement is granted as soon as the player is in the bed, even if the player does not successfully sleep.
56. Hero of the Village - Successfully defend a Village from a raid -
-84. Is It a Balloon? - Look at a ghast through a spyglass -
57. A Throwaway Joke - Throw a trident at something. Note: Throwing away your only weapon is not a good idea. - Hit an entity with a thrown trident.
58. Take Aim - Shoot something with an arrow - Using a bow or crossbow, shoot any entity with any kind of arrow.
59. Monsters Hunted - Kill one of every hostile monster - Kill each of these 34 mobs. Other mobs, if any, may be killed, but are ignored for this advancement.
60. Postmortal - Use a Totem of Undying to cheat death - Activate a totem of undying by taking fatal damage.
61. Hired Help - Summon an Iron Golem to help defend a Village - 
62. Two Birds, One Arrow - Kill Phantoms with a piercing arrow - Use a crossbow enchanted with Piercing to kill two phantoms.
63. Who's the Pillager Now? - Give a Pillager a taste of their own medicine - Kill a pillager with a crossbow.
64. Arbalistic - Kill five unique mobs with one crossbow shot -
65. Adventuring Time - Discover every biome - Visit all of these 42 biomes. The advancement is only for Overworld biomes. Other biomes, if any, may also be visited, but are ignored for this advancement.
-85. Is It a Plane? - Look at the Ender Dragon through a spyglass - 
66. Very Very Frightening - Strike a Villager with lightning - Hit a villager with lightning created by a trident with the Channeling enchantment.
67. Sniper Duel - Kill a Skeleton from at least 50 meters away - Kill a skeleton with a projectile while being at least 50 blocks away horizontally.
68. Hit the bullseye of a Target block from at least 30 meters away - Shoot the center of a target with a projectile from at least 30 blocks away horizontally.

[ Husbandry ]
69. Husbandry - The world is full of friends and food - Eat anything that can be eaten.
70. Bee Our Guest - Use a Campfire to collect Honey from a Beehive using a Bottle without aggravating the bees - 
71. The Parrots and the Bats - Breed two animals together -
-86. Whatever Floats Your Goat! - Get in a Boat and float with a Goat - 
72. Best Friends Forever - Tame an animal -
-87. Glow and Behold! - Make the text of a sign glow -
73. Fishy Bussiness - Catch a fish - Use a Fishing Rod to catch a fish.
74. Total Beelocation - Move a Bee Nest, with three bees inside, using Silk Touch - 
75. A Seedy Place - Plant a seed, and watch it grow - Plant one of these 5 crops. Other crops and plants, if any, can be planted, but are ignored for this advancement.
-88. Wax On - Apply Wax to a Copper block! - 
76. Two by Two - Breed all the animals! - 
77. A Complete Catalouge - Tame all cat variants! - Tame each of these 11 cat variants. Other cat variants, if any, can be tamed, but are ignored for this advancement.
78. Tactical Fishing - Catch a fish... without a fishing rod! - Have a bucket of fish in your inventory.
79. A Balanced Diet - Eat everything that is edible, even if it's not good for you - Eat each of these 39 foods. Other foods, if any, can be eaten, but are ignored for this advancement.
80. Serious Dedication - Use a Netherite ingot to upgrade a hoe, and then reevaluate your life choices - Have a netherite hoe in your inventory.
-89. Wax Off - Scrape Wax off of a Copper block! -
-90. The Cutest Predator - Catch an axolotl in a bucket -
-91. The Healing Power of Friendship! - Team up with an axolotl and win a fight - 

[ Achievements ]
1. Taking Inventory	- Press 'E' to open your inventory -
2. Getting Wood	- Attack a tree until a block of wood pops out - 
3. Benchmarking	- Craft a workbench with four blocks of planks - 
4. Time to Mine! - Use planks and sticks to make a pickaxe - 
5. Hot Topic - Construct a furnace out of eight cobblestone blocks\Construct a furnace out of eight stone blocks - 
6. Acquire Hardware	- Smelt an iron ingot - 
7. Time to Farm! - Use planks and sticks to make a hoe - 
8. Bake Bread - Turn wheat into bread - 
9. The Lie - Wheat, sugar, milk, and eggs\Bake cake using wheat, sugar, milk, and eggs! - 
10. Getting an Upgrade - Construct a better pickaxe - 
11. Delicious Fish - Catch and cook a fish! - 
12. On A Rail - Travel by minecart at least 1 km from where you started. - 
13. Time to Strike! - Use planks and sticks to make a sword - 
14. Monster Hunter - Attack and destroy a monster - 
15. Cow Tipper - Harvest some leather - 
16. When Pigs Fly - Fly a pig off a cliff - 
17. Sniper Duel	- Kill a skeleton with an arrow from more than 50 meters -
18. DIAMONDS! - Acquire diamonds with your iron tools - 
19. We Need to Go Deeper - Build a portal to the Nether - 
20. Return to Sender - Destroy a Ghast with a fireball - 
21. Into Fire - Relieve a Blaze of its rod - 
22. Local Brewery - Brew a potion - 
23. The End? - Locate the End - 
24. The End. - Defeat the Ender Dragon - 
25. Enchanter - Use a book, obsidian and diamonds to construct an enchantment table - 
26. Overkill - Deal nine hearts of damage in a single hit - 
27. Librarian - Build some bookshelves to improve your enchantment table - 
28. Adventuring Time - Discover all biomes. - 
29. The Beginning? - Spawn the Wither -
30. The Beginning. - Kill the Wither - 
31. Beaconator - Create a full beacon - 
32. Repopulation - Breed two cows with wheat - 
33. Diamonds to you! - Throw diamonds at another player - 
34. Overpowered	- Craft/Eat the Notch apple - 
